Narrator: PREVIOUSLY,
ON "YU-GI-OH..."
Pilot: MAYDAY!
MAYDAY!
OUR ENGINES ARE DOWN!
THE PILOT SENT
A DISTRESS SIGNAL
BUT HE SAID IT
MAY TAKE A WHILE
BEFORE HELP ARRIVES.
I'M QUITE LUCKY
YOU ALL CAME ALONG.
MY GRANDPA HAS
THE SAME BANDANA!
DR. MUTO IS
A COLLEAGUE OF MINE
AND ON OUR LATEST
EXPEDITION TOGETHER
HE DISAPPEARED.
JOEY,
COME BACK!
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?
AAH!
LOOK,
HE'S GONE!
[SCREAMING]
LET'S GO!
THEY'RE FROM THE CAPSULE
MONSTERS BOARD GAME!
TRISTAN...
Tea: WE'VE GOT COMPANY.
Tristan: SHOULD WE RUN
OR HELP THEM OUT?
Yugi:
NICE MANTIS?
AAH!
Yami-Yugi:
CELTIC GUARDIAN!
IS THAT YOU?
I DON'T KNOW
HOW OR WHY, BUT...
WE'VE ENTERED THE WORLD
OF CAPSULE MONSTERS!
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
IT'S TIME
TO DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
Yami-Yugi:
IS ANYBODY OUT THERE?
TEA!
TRISTAN! JOEY!
THIS PLACE IS MORE
DANGEROUS THAN YOU THINK!
[RUSTLING]
WHO'S THERE?
HELLO?
[GROWLS]
WHOEVER YOU ARE,
IT'S ONLY FAIR TO WARN
YOU THAT I'M NOT ALONE!
IT'S WORSE
THAN I THOUGHT.
EVEN THE TREES
SEEM TO BE
OUT TO GET US
IN THIS PLACE.
HUH?
OF COURSE!
NOW I KNOW
WHAT THESE ARE FOR!
FIRE CAPSULE!
COME FORTH--
CELTIC GUARDIAN!
ALL RIGHT,
UPROOT THIS BEAST!
Joey:
HEY, BIRDBRAIN...
LET ME GO,
AND I WON'T EAT YOUR
COUSIN FOR THANKSGIVING!
HEY!
ACTUALLY, I'M GONNA
TAKE THAT BACK.
WHATEVA YOU DO,
DO NOT LET--
GO!
[YELLS]
UH...
YOU'RE LUCKY YER
UP THERE, PAL!
[SQUAWKING]
Joey:
AH, HEY, FELLAS.
I'M AN OLD FRIEND OF
YOUR MOMMY'S, AND AH...
I DROPPED IN
TA SAY HI.
YOU CAN CALL ME
UNCLE JOEY--
EE--GAH!
CAN WE TALK
ABOUT THIS?
I COME IN PEACE?
[SQUAWKS]
HUH?
[SQUAWKING]
SEE YA!
WOULDN'T
WANNA BE YA!
HEY, HAVE
WE MET BEFORE?
DON'T ANSWER DAT.
I CAN'T WAIT TA SEE
WHO'S ON THE NEXT CLIFF.
THERE IS NO
NEXT CLIFF!
A WOBBLY ROCK.
GREAT.
WHAT?
NO WAY.
Tea: SO LEMME
GET THIS STRAIGHT.
YOU'RE TELLING
ME THAT
THESE 2 MONSTERS
HATCHED OUT OF
THOSE WEIRD
EGG SHAPED ROCKS?
EXACTLY.
REMEMBER WHEN
WE WERE RUNNING
FROM THAT GANG OF
OVERSIZED COCKROACHES?
MM-HMM.
THAT'S NOT
EXACTLY SOMETHING
THAT ONE FORGETS.
WELL,
THOSE ROCK THINGIES
WERE SCATTERED
ALL OVER THE PLACE.
AND I THINK WHEN
YOU AND I TOUCHED 'EM,
THEY ACTIVATED
OR SOMETHING.
SO YA THINK WHENEVER
WE TOUCH THOSE ROCKS,
MONSTERS GET RELEASED?
YUP.
AND WHILE THEY MAY
LOOK A BIT FREAKY,
I'M PRETTY SURE
THEY'RE HARMLESS.
SO IT LOOKS LIKE
WE'RE SAFE FOR NOW.
BUT WHAT ABOUT YUGI,
JOEY, AND GRANDPA?
[SQUEAKING]
YOU GUYS TRYIN' TA
TELL US SOMETHING?
UH...
TRISTAN?
WHAT'S THAT?
HUH?
Tristan:
LET'S JUST RELAX.
THERE'S NO REASON
TO START PANICKING.
OK, NOW THERE'S
A REASON!
[ROARS]
TEA...
YOU DIDN'T TOUCH
ANOTHER EGG, DID YOU?
UH-UH.
HUH?
CHECK IT OUT,
TRISTAN.
IT ALMOST
SEEMS LIKE
THEY'RE TRYING
TO PROTECT US.
IT'S NOT EXACTLY
A FAIR FIGHT.
WELL,
WE CAN'T JUST LET
FLOUNDER FACE
WIPE THEM OUT!
YA KNOW,
I THOUGHT IT WAS WEIRD
THAT THOSE ROACHES
DIDN'T FOLLOW US HERE,
BUT NOW IT'S ALL STARTING
TO MAKE SENSE, TEA.
YOU MEAN,
YOU THINK THEY KNEW
THIS WAS SEA MONSTER
TERRITORY?
BINGO.
AND THAT MEANS
WE HAVE NOWHERE TO RUN,
'CAUSE THOSE
CRITTERS ARE STILL
ON THE OTHER SIDE
WAITING FOR US!
NOW WHAT?
WE HAVE
TO CHOOSE BETWEEN
BUGS AND FISH BOY?
OUR LITTLE FRIENDS
ALREADY CHOSE.
WE'RE GONNA
STAY RIGHT HERE
AND HARPOON THIS WHALE!
Tea:
BUT HOW?
SIMPLE!
ALL RIGHT,
LITTLE DUDE,
GO GET 'IM!
[ROARS]
BABY DRAGON,
I DON'T KNOW
WHERE YOU CAME FROM,
BUT YOU SAVED
MY LIFE, PAL.
AW, MAN!
MAKE DAT YOU ALMOST
SAVED MY LIFE.
A'RIGHT!
TIME TA DEEP FRY
A FEW CHICKENS!
SHOW TIME!
HUH?
IS IT ME, OR DID
THIS FLOCK GET BIGGER?
[SQUAWKS]
OK. PLAN "B."
HEY, PAL.
IT'S TIME
YOU WERE SCHOOLED
IN THE JOEY WHEELER
TECHNIQUE OF BATTLE.
IF YOU CAN'T
BEAT 'EM...
RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!
WELL DONE!
WHAT'S THIS?
WHAT'S THE DEAL?
IN DUEL MONSTERS,
CELTIC GUARDIAN HAS
WAY MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN THAT TREE MONSTER!
I KNOW.
YET FOR SOME REASON,
OUR MONSTER'S
ATTACKS SEEM TO HAVE
NO EFFECT AT ALL!
IT'S AS IF
THAT TREE HAS
SUPER POWERS
OR SOMETHING!
YUGI, HOLD ON!
I BELIEVE YOU'VE JUST
GIVEN ME AN IDEA!
PERHAPS THAT TREE
CREATURE GETS
SOME SORT OF
FIELD POINT ADVANTAGE
BECAUSE WE'RE BATTLING
IN THE WOODS!
LIKE THE BOARD GAME!
Yami-Yugi:
YES.
THE GAME OF
CAPSULE MONSTERS
IS BUILT ON THIS
VERY SAME PRINCIPLE.
THAT CONFIRMS OUR
THEORY THAT
THIS ENTIRE WORLD
WAS CONSTRUCTED
BASED ON
THAT GAME!
SEE?
I KNEW IT.
YES,
ALTHOUGH MAYBE...
THIS PLACE
EXISTED FIRST,
AND THE BOARD GAME
WAS CREATED
BY SOMEONE
WHO'S BEEN HERE.
STRANGE.
WHENEVER MY MONSTER'S
ATTACKED...
I FEEL IT.
SO THIS MUST BE SOME
SORT OF SHADOW GAME!
Joey: OUR FEATHERED
FRIENDS ARE CATCHIN' UP!
DON'T YOU HAVE
A HYPER SPEED?
ALL RIGHT,
FINE.
WE'RE GONNA
NEED A NEW PLAN!
UH...
AH-HA!
SEE DAT HOLE
DOWN THERE?
LET'S DUCK IN!
FULL SPEED AHEAD!
WE'RE GONNA LOSE THESE
TURKEYS IN NO TIME!
YEE-HAW!
IF WE WANNA OUTFLY
THIS FLOCK OF FREAKS,
WE GOTTA TAKE IT
UP A NOTCH, PAL!
[SQUAWKS]
Joey: IT'S
A TIGHT SQUEEZE...
HERE IT GOES.
[SQUAWKS]
Joey: BYE-BYE,
BIRDIES!
[SQUAWKING]
I'LL TAKE THOSE
STUFFED TURKEYS TA GO!
YA KNOW, WE MAKE
A PRETTY GOOD TEAM.
SO NOW WHAT?
IF WE DON'T CHOP
DOWN THIS MUTATED
TREE STUMP SOON...
OUR CELTIC
GUARDIAN'S
A CELTIC GONER!
AND SINCE
WE'RE TRAPPED INSIDE
SOME TWISTED
SHADOW GAME,
WHO KNOWS WHAT WILL
HAPPEN IF WE LOSE!
Yugi:
UH, PHARAOH?
I'M GONNA GO OUT
ON A LIMB HERE,
AND SAY THAT THINGS
ARE ABOUT TO GET WORSE!
Yugi: IT'S A WHOLE
MUTANT FOREST!
YOU'RE RIGHT!
THIS MUST BE HIS
SPECIAL ABILITY!
THERE'S TOO MANY!
NO!
CELTIC GUARDIAN!
PHARAOH, LOOK!
IT'S ANOTHER
CAPSULE!
I...CAN'T...
REACH IT!
AAH!
MAYBE YOU CAN'T
CUT YOURSELF FREE...
BUT SOMEONE ELSE
CAN!
CELTIC GUARDIAN!
GOOD SHOT!
NOW, CAPSULE MONSTER,
COME FORTH!
I GUESS I SHOULD
HAVE WARNED YOU...
PLAY WITH ME...
AND YOU'RE
PLAYING WITH FIRE!
ALL RIGHT!
HINOTAMA SOUL,
ATTACK!
THIS GAME IS REALLY
BEGINNING TO HEAT UP.
LUCKILY,
I KNOW THE RULES.
WHEN A FIRE ATTRIBUTE
MONSTER ATTACKS
A WOOD ATTRIBUTE
MONSTER,
WELL, THE RESULTS
ARE OBVIOUS.
[SIGHS]
WE'RE SAFE.
FOR THE TIME BEING,
ANYWAY.
OF COURSE,
WHO KNOWS HOW
MY FRIENDS ARE DOING.
I'M SURE BY NOW
THEY REALIZE
WE'RE NOT
IN INDIA ANYMORE.
Joey: THIS GUIDE
TO INDIA IS USELESS!
I'M OFFICIALLY LOST.
I'M TELLING YOU,
THIS WHOLE VACATION
IS ONE BIG
PAIN IN THE BUTT!
HEY!
BUT THINGS ARE DEFINITELY
STARTIN' TA LOOK UP!
IT'S A TREASURE CHEST!
I'M RICH, BABY!
THIS IS THE GREATEST
VACATION EVER!
HEY, PAL, DON'T WORRY
ABOUT A THING.
WHATEVA'S IN THERE,
YOU AND I ARE
SPLITTIN' 50-50.
LITTLE BUDDY,
YOU AND I ARE GONNA BE
RICHER THAN KAIBA!
I FEEL GOOD!
SOMEBODY STOP ME!
MY TIME HAS ARRIVED.
I GET TA BE
A SPOILED BRAT!
WHATTA YA THINK'S
IN THERE?
GOLD COINS?
DIAMONDS?
MAYBE A FEW
CREDIT CARDS?
THE SUSPENSE
IS KILLIN' ME!
WELL,
HERE IT GOES.
NOW COME TA PAPA!
WELL, IT'S SHINY.
HUH?
DAT'S NOT GOLD.
SO MUCH
FOR MY TREASURE!
DON'T JUST
STAND THERE, SAVE ME!
AAH!
AAH, NO!
WAIT!
DON'T--
AAH!
HOT! HOT!
HOT!
AHH...
WELL,
IT'S NOT A TREASURE,
BUT MAYBE IT'S
A TREASURE MAP.
THIS IS FOR YOU,
YA BIG FREAK!
[GRUNTS]
[ROARS]
UH--UH!
TRISTAN!
BAD NEWS.
EITHER THIS SHOOTING
PAIN IS A COINCIDENCE,
OR WHEN OUR MONSTERS
ARE ATTACKED,
WE FEEL IT, TOO!
OH, NO!
AAH!
TRISTAN!
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
UH--UH!
YOU GUYS CAN'T
DO THIS ALONE!
BUT MAYBE I CAN HELP.
[SQUEAKS]
OUR MONSTERS ARE
TOO WEAK TO FIGHT.
BUT THERE MUST BE
SOMETHING WE CAN DO
TO STOP THAT THING.
AW, MAN.
MAYBE IF I'D PAID
A LITTLE MORE ATTENTION
TO YUGI DURING HIS DUELS,
I'D BE ABLE TO COME UP
WITH SOME SORTA STRATEGY!
WAIT--THAT'S IT!
THIS GAME IS JUST
LIKE DUEL MONSTERS.
YOU HAVE
TO MAKE SURE
YOU HAVE DIFFERENT
TYPES OF MONSTERS
WITH DIFFERENT
ABILITIES.
HMM.
Yugi: TAKE THE MONSTER
YOU'RE HOLDING, FOR INSTANCE.
IT MAY HAVE A LOW NUMBER
OF ATTACK POINTS,
BUT WHAT IT LACKS
IN STRENGTH,
IT MAKES UP FOR WITH
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY.
Tea: I KNEW THIS GAME PIECE
WAS MORE THAN JUST CUTE.
SO, WHAT CAN IT DO?
WELL, FOR ONE...
IF THERE'S ANOTHER
MONSTER ON THE FIELD
THAT'S BEEN INJURED,
YOURS CAN HEAL IT!
COOL--SO BASICALLY,
I PICKED A MONSTER
THAT MAKES ITS FRIENDS
FEEL BETTER, HUH?
A GUY AFTER MY OWN HEART.
Tea: ALL RIGHT.
YOU HAVE A POWER THAT
MAY BE ABLE TO SAVE US.
NOW, LET'S PUT IT
TO USE!
[SQUEAKS]
HELP IS ON THE WAY!
IT IS?
NOW...GO!
DO WHAT YOU DO BEST!
[SQUEAKING]
HA HA!
WHO'S THE MAN?
I'M THE MAN!
I CAN'T HEAR YOU!
THANKS FOR
THE BOOST, TEA,
I FEEL LIKE
A MILLION BUCKS!
UH,
REALITY CHECK.
NOT THE BEST TIME
TO SHOW OFF
YOUR DANCE MOVES,
SEEING AS THERE'S
A GIANT SEA MONSTER
ABOUT TO ATTACK
YOU AND ALL.
PLEASE,
I CAN FIGHT
A HUNDRED OF
THOSE THINGS!
DON'T YOU REMEMBER?
I'M DA MAN!
NOW, GIMME ALL
YOU GOT, TOUGH GUY!
[ROARS]
Tea:
JUST BE CAREFUL!
ALL RIGHT, LITTLE DUDE,
IT'S SHOW TIME!
LET'S MAKE FISH STICKS
OUTTA THIS PUNK, NOW!
LAST TIME WE ATTACKED
OLD FISH FACE,
HE BLOCKED IT.
SO THIS TIME WE NEED TO
SWITCH THINGS UP.
MAYBE WE CAN BLINDSIDE
HIM WITH A SNEAK ATTACK!
[ROARS]
UH--UH!
[CRIES]
ALL RIGHT,
THIS IS OUR CHANCE!
[CRIES]
HUH!
[GROWLS]
OK!
GET 'IM WHILE
HE'S BLINDED!
YOU DID IT!
OF COURSE, LIKE THERE
WAS EVER ANY DOUBT!
VERY IMPRESSIVE,
YOU TWO!
WELL, WE COULDN'T
OF DONE IT
WITHOUT THAT POWER
BOOST OF YOURS.
HUH?
YOU WERE SAYING?
MAYBE I SPOKE
TOO SOON.
Tea: IS IT ME, OR DID
OUR BIG, UGLY FRIEND
JUST GET BIGGER
AND UGLIER?
WHO CARES?
MY STUBBY LITTLE
MUTANT LIZARD GUY
CAN TAKE
WHATEVER THAT
GIANT SEA MONSTER
CAN DISH OUT!
RIGHT, DUDE?
WHERE'D HE GO?
Tea: I DON'T THINK
HE SHARES YOUR CONFIDENCE.
GOT A PLAN "B?"
[ROARS]
OH!
Grandpa: ALL RIGHT,
SUMMONED SKULL!
LIGHTNING STRIKE!